hey guys Angela Kim found the squishy
monster.com and today I'm going to show
you an easy way to make Korean sweet
potato bread I'm going to begin by
peeling and cubing my potato and I just
love that really great Morial purple
color it's so pretty and it's going to
peak out from the bread and it's just
going to be really really gorgeous and
then I'm going to cube it and roast it
in the oven so I'll have it on a baking
sheet in my oven is preheating I just
want to drizzle with a little bit of oil
I'm using olive oil just don't lubricate
it and then just a tiniest pinch of salt
just enhance that sweetness the natural
sweetness I want to top it off together
and then pop it into my oven so I have
my beautiful roasted sweet potatoes in
my food processor and I'm going to let
it do my work for me and you want to do
this while it's still slightly warm so
it absorbs all the flavors so I'm going
to tip in just a little bit of cream to
give it that extra richness and
and then since it's warm the brown sugar
is going to melt into this caramel
sweetness so this is the only thing
that's going to spit up but you don't
need too much because of sweet potatoes
are a bit sweet on its own and then you
want to put everything to mix so I just
opened up my package of Crescent dough
and I want to unravel it
so let's unwind this dough and as you
can see there are perforations there's
tears you want to gather them all
together you want to press the seams
together because you want the whole
uniform piece and flat rectangle dough
so you just want to press it all
together takes a little bit of nudging
but after a few moments you'll have
pretty uniform piece of dough you can
work with
all I've done now is pinch all the
themes together and cut out little
squares with a little knife so you want
to gather a piece of dough and Nestle a
piece of or look nuts a little bit of
that filling right into the center and
then just gather all the edges and pinch
it to see all so now I want to take a
dough ball and it's already formed and I
just want to flatten it just like that
and then with something round and blunt
it doesn't really matter I'm just using
the back of my mallet I guess you could
call it and press it down firmly in the
center of these next few steps are
completely optional so if you just want
to bake it as is go right ahead
so then I want to take the same thing
the same cutter that I use to cut my
dough shapes into my little squares into
you and make a little sharp incision
just to make a little pretty petal shape
but like I said this part is completely
optional and then I want to take the
little brush and lightly brush with some
egg wash which is just a cracked egg
with a little bit of cream or milk just
like that and I thought it would be
again extra pity they sprinkle on a
little bit of black sesame seeds
my bridge just came out of the oven and
I just wanted to show them to you
they're so very hot but they're nicely
golden brown because of that egg wash
and you can see the little to the
filling peeking out that really nice
deep lush purple I can't wait to dig
into this so I just love how easy these
words to make and it took minutes it
just really is a shortcut way to make
yourself a delicious commune sweet
potato bread so let's see how it tastes
the pastry part is really soft and
delicious and fellow with the contrast
of that slightly sweet honey filling
it's delicious Korean sweet potato is
very subtly
naturally sweet so just that little bit
of that Parmalee sweetness from the
brown sugar really sets it off
I hope you guys give this a try because
it is so accessible even on your busiest
day I think you guys are hanging out me
this is Angela Kim from the so she wants
more fun and I'll see you Gracie